## CIS4330_Assignment_1
### Inovation and Insight for Microservices:

Using microservices can be useful for a variety of reasons in companies both large and small. One of the main advantages of using microservices is the agility and scalability. They allow companies to use the agile project management method which means small groups of people work as teams and implement new features of a program in small sprints. This means they can deploy an application very quickly, and then work in 2-4 week sprints to add more functionalities and features to the project. Using microservices allows many parts of the project to be independently developed and deployed without damaging the rest of the application. Large applications cannot function on a monolithic idealogy as they would become functionally impossible to manage due to the sheer size and lines of code. With a Microservice, continuous improvement is possible because it is easy to work on small parts of the application without disturbing the rest. I have enjoyed using Web APIs in other classes, so reading about how an API is actually a Macroservice and not every efficient for large databases since the entire thing may need to be republished if changes are made. I like how Monolithic, Miniservices and Microservices are all able to work together in a single application. When you hear the term "service" it is easy to think that it will be reuseable, but a microservice is not as it needs to remain agile. The resiliency of MSA designs are very interesting because they have a self-healing effect, where if one portion of the application crashes, it may not effect the other parts. Some of the biggest companies in the world such as Amazon, Netflix, LinkedIn, and Airbnb all use microservices.
